what's up y'all Justin here
and i know im a video
just then really busy
did the ruinous I thought
so Emily today in this video I'm going
to show you my first and Brandi's not
dead that's right
new smoke detector is my personal tip
right see
here it is this is a system sensor 4 WB
edgehill smoke detector
for some people call it the system since
our I three or smoke detector
and this thing's great nice i got
something even
three days ago
it was twenty nine dollars and
ninety-nine cents but I'm a three
dollars for
and the shipping was free so had
that's pay it sure doesn't ship them
astray and they ship
so yeah I just got this in the middle
not too long ago oh it's our dad got
this from said that all sales fun so I
can't return this
so anyway I'm going to go ahead and show
you something
smoktech first off let me just start
with this large gap this is known as the
dust cover this does cover is is helped
that does for me
installation so there we get these in
the box i gots new in box by the way
we'll get this little orange cat so i'll
go ahead and take it off now to show you
the octet see here is the actual smoke
detector see I took a look
does come off bit so yeah it's pretty
nice smoke detector I'm going to go
ahead and show you something
this is for wire which means as two
hours
I shall take
and bases are
whoa okay so see now this head and face
are both part c
here's the base
with dress will smoke detectors easily
to heaven contain the address but since
this additional smoky cheddar it doesn't
have that see
by and the Sabrina I smoked a turn as
you can see space at your positive and
then
so yeah
just like I said
this is a 4-wire smoke detector which
means that's two hours to me
see here's your won't
here's your red LED so yeah so that's
basically how this works so
that's all features just just snap this
back going in
right I snapped this back in
race
the heads can lose
whoa stay their hand
so yeah this is a very nice smoke
detector
you know I won't use yet
he's probably get one of these these
bring us I haven't tested this out yeah
but I'm going to test it all right so
so
does cover
so yeah so yeah this my brain name
system center board of ed smoke detector
it is
conventional all right so thanks for
watching I like some write some comments
write some comments are good tell me
what your thing is a smoke detector okay
ass all right thank you for watching
you